frontend/agentschat.md, before:

# Agents Chat Management

This document serves as a shared space for asynchronous communication and decision tracking between the frontend and backend agents (teams) working on Project X. It aims to maintain transparency, reduce misunderstandings, and create a single source of truth for cross-team collaboration.

---

## Communication Protocols

### Message Format
- **Timestamp:** `[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]` (24hr format)
- **Sender:** `[Frontend]`, `[Backend]`, `[DevOps]`, etc.
- **Priority:** `[URGENT]`, `[IMPORTANT]`, `[INFO]` (as needed)
- **Message:** Clear, concise communication

Example: `[2025-04-24 14:30:22] [Backend] [IMPORTANT] Authentication service is ready for integration testing.`

### Response Expectations
- **URGENT:** Response expected within 4 hours
- **IMPORTANT:** Response expected within 24 hours
- **INFO/Standard:** Response expected within 48 hours

---

## Best Practices for Agents

### Communication
- **Always include timestamp and sender** for every message
- **Tag messages with appropriate priority level** for clear expectations
- **Share information openly** — requirements, blockers, decisions, and context
- **Use clear, concise language** and avoid team-specific jargon
- **Respond promptly** to open questions or requests for clarification
- **Provide context with links** to specific user stories, tickets, or documentation

### Organization
- **Use threaded replies** for ongoing discussions to keep topics organized
- **Summarize resolved discussions** in the dedicated section
- **Update task list regularly** with current status and learnings
- **Tag relevant team members** when specific input is needed
- **Use standardized issue templates** for recurring communication types

### Collaboration
- **Keep communication professional and constructive** — focus on solutions
- **Acknowledge receipt** of important messages even before full response is ready
- **Proactively identify cross-team dependencies** and discuss them early
- **Share wins and learnings** to foster team cohesion
- **Update this file regularly** as the project evolves

---

## Decision Making Process

1. **Proposal:** Agent raises an issue requiring cross-team decision
2. **Discussion:** Teams provide input with relevant context and considerations
3. **Decision:** Final decision is documented with rationale
4. **Implementation:** Tasks assigned to appropriate teams
5. **Review:** Decision effectiveness evaluated post-implementation

All key decisions should be summarized in the "Resolved Discussions" section.

---

## Shared Task List & Learnings

> This section tracks progress, responsibilities, and knowledge sharing. Update regularly to maximize transparency and teamwork.

| Task | Agent Responsible | Status | Priority | Deadline | Latest Learnings |
|------|-------------------|--------|----------|----------|------------------|
| Project setup (Firebase, repo) | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-01 | |
| Auth implementation | Backend | 🟡 In progress | High | 2025-05-07 | Investigating OAuth refresh token strategies |
| Auth integration | Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-10 | |
| Board & task data model | Backend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-15 | |
| Board/column/task UI | Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-20 | |
| Real-time sync | Backend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-05-25 | |
| Real-time UI updates | Frontend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-05-30 | |
| Permissions & roles | Backend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-06-05 | |
| File attachments | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-10 | |
| Activity log | Backend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-15 | |
| Activity display | Frontend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-20 | |
| Integration testing | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-06-25 | |
| User acceptance testing | Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-06-30 | |
| Performance optimization | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-07-05 | |
| Deployment & review | DevOps, Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-07-10 | |

**Status Legend:**
- ☐ Not started
- 🟡 In progress
- ⚠️ Blocked (add blocker details in learnings)
- ✅ Done

**Priority Legend:**
- High: Critical path item
- Medium: Important but flexible
- Low: Nice to have

---

## Technical Specifications

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Method | Purpose | Status | Documentation |
|----------|--------|---------|--------|---------------|
| `/api/auth` | POST | User authentication | 🟡 In progress | [Link to docs] |
| `/api/boards` | GET | Retrieve user boards | ☐ Not started | [Link to docs] |

### Data Models

**User Model:**
```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "email": "string",
  "displayName": "string",
  "role": "string",
  "createdAt": "timestamp"
}
```

**Board Model:**
```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "columns": ["columnId"],
  "members": ["userId"],
  "createdAt": "timestamp",
  "updatedAt": "timestamp"
}
```

*Add more models as they are defined*

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Purpose | Required By |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `FIREBASE_API_KEY` | Firebase authentication | Frontend, Backend |
| `DB_CONNECTION_STRING` | Database connection | Backend |

---

## Open Threads

### Authentication Strategy
**[2025-04-24 14:30:22] [Backend]:**
Should the backend support social logins beyond Google?

**[2025-04-24 15:45:12] [Frontend]:**
Google is sufficient for launch. We may add others later.

**[2025-04-24 16:20:33] [Backend]:**
Will implement Google OAuth with refresh token support. Need confirmation on token expiration time - suggest 7 days?

### Real-time Updates Implementation
**[2025-04-24 14:35:42] [Frontend]:**
What's the preferred approach for real-time updates? WebSockets or long polling?

---

## Resolved Discussions

### Database Selection
**Decision:** MongoDB selected for primary database
**Rationale:** Better fits our document-based data model and provides flexible schema for early-stage development
**Date Resolved:** 2025-04-23
**Stakeholders:** Backend Team Lead, Frontend Team Lead, System Architect

### Deployment Strategy
**Decision:** Docker containers on AWS ECS
**Rationale:** Provides consistent environments across development and production, with scalability options
**Date Resolved:** 2025-04-22
**Stakeholders:** DevOps Lead, Backend Team Lead, CTO

---

## Risk Register

| Risk | Impact | Likelihood | Mitigation Strategy | Owner |
|------|--------|------------|---------------------|-------|
| API changes breaking frontend | High | Medium | Comprehensive API documentation, versioning, and integration tests | Backend Lead |
| Performance issues with real-time updates | High | Medium | Load testing early, optimization strategies ready | Backend Lead |
| UI/UX inconsistencies | Medium | Low | Shared component library, regular design reviews | Frontend Lead |

---

## Resource Links

### Project Documentation
- [System Architecture](https://docs.example.com/architecture)
- [API Documentation](https://docs.example.com/api)
- [UI/UX Design Files](https://design.example.com/project-x)

### Team Resources
- [Frontend Repository](https://github.com/example/project-x-frontend)
- [Backend Repository](https://github.com/example/project-x-backend)
- [JIRA Board](https://jira.example.com/project-x)
- [Team Calendar](https://calendar.example.com/project-x)

---

## Weekly Status Template

### Week of YYYY-MM-DD

**Frontend Team:**
- Key accomplishments:
- Blockers:
- Focus for next week:

**Backend Team:**
- Key accomplishments:
- Blockers:
- Focus for next week:

**Metrics:**
- Sprint completion rate:
- Bug count:
- Test coverage:

---

_This document is intended to improve transparency and reduce misunderstandings between teams. Update regularly as the project evolves._

_Last updated: [2025-04-24 16:45:00]_

Commit message:

Add PM-agent chat logs and personal diaries for all agents; update agentschat.md with PM approval protocol

frontend/agentschat.md, after:

# Agents Chat Management

This document serves as a shared space for asynchronous communication and decision tracking between the frontend and backend agents (teams) working on Project X. It aims to maintain transparency, reduce misunderstandings, and create a single source of truth for cross-team collaboration.

---

## Communication Protocols

- **All decisions, changes, and deliverables must be approved by Project Management (PM) before implementation.** This ensures alignment, quality, and accountability across teams.

### Message Format
- **Timestamp:** `[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]` (24hr format)
- **Sender:** `[Frontend]`, `[Backend]`, `[DevOps]`, `[Project Management]`, etc.
- **Priority:** `[URGENT]`, `[IMPORTANT]`, `[INFO]` (as needed)
- **Message:** Clear, concise communication

Example: `[2025-04-24 14:30:22] [Backend] [IMPORTANT] Authentication service is ready for integration testing.`

### Response Expectations
- **URGENT:** Response expected within 4 hours
- **IMPORTANT:** Response expected within 24 hours
- **INFO/Standard:** Response expected within 48 hours

---

## Best Practices for Agents
- **No action is final until approved by Project Management (PM).** All agents must submit proposals, changes, and deliverables for PM review and approval before proceeding.
- **Project Management agent** ensures all teams are aligned, blockers are tracked and resolved, and documentation is kept current.
- **Project Management agent** ensures all teams are aligned, blockers are tracked and resolved, and documentation is kept current.
- All agents should collaborate openly with Project Management for workflow, prioritization, and risk management.

### Communication
- **Always include timestamp and sender** for every message
- **Tag messages with appropriate priority level** for clear expectations
- **Share information openly** — requirements, blockers, decisions, and context
- **Use clear, concise language** and avoid team-specific jargon
- **Respond promptly** to open questions or requests for clarification
- **Provide context with links** to specific user stories, tickets, or documentation

### Organization
- **Use threaded replies** for ongoing discussions to keep topics organized
- **Summarize resolved discussions** in the dedicated section
- **Update task list regularly** with current status and learnings
- **Tag relevant team members** when specific input is needed
- **Use standardized issue templates** for recurring communication types

### Collaboration
- **Keep communication professional and constructive** — focus on solutions
- **Acknowledge receipt** of important messages even before full response is ready
- **Proactively identify cross-team dependencies** and discuss them early
- **Share wins and learnings** to foster team cohesion
- **Update this file regularly** as the project evolves

---

## Decision Making Process

1. **Proposal:** Agent raises an issue requiring cross-team decision
2. **Discussion:** Teams provide input with relevant context and considerations
3. **Decision:** Final decision is documented with rationale
4. **Implementation:** Tasks assigned to appropriate teams
5. **Review:** Decision effectiveness evaluated post-implementation

All key decisions should be summarized in the "Resolved Discussions" section.

---

## Shared Task List & Learnings

> This section tracks progress, responsibilities, and knowledge sharing. Update regularly to maximize transparency and teamwork.

| Task | Agent Responsible | Status | Priority | Deadline | Latest Learnings |
|------|-------------------|--------|----------|----------|------------------|
| Project setup (Firebase, repo) | Backend, Frontend, Project Management | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-01 | |
| Auth implementation | Backend | 🟡 In progress | High | 2025-05-07 | Investigating OAuth refresh token strategies |
| Auth integration | Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-10 | |
| Board & task data model | Backend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-15 | |
| Board/column/task UI | Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-20 | |
| Real-time sync | Backend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-05-25 | |
| Real-time UI updates | Frontend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-05-30 | |
| Permissions & roles | Backend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-06-05 | |
| File attachments | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-10 | |
| Activity log | Backend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-15 | |
| Activity display | Frontend | ☐ Not started | Low | 2025-06-20 | |
| Sprint planning & retrospectives | Project Management | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-03 | |
| Risk tracking & mitigation | Project Management | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-05-03 | |
| Integration testing | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-06-25 | |
| User acceptance testing | Frontend, Project Management | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-06-30 | |
| Performance optimization | Backend, Frontend | ☐ Not started | Medium | 2025-07-05 | |
| Deployment & review | DevOps, Backend, Frontend, Project Management | ☐ Not started | High | 2025-07-10 | |

**Status Legend:**
- ☐ Not started
- 🟡 In progress
- ⚠️ Blocked (add blocker details in learnings)
- ✅ Done

**Priority Legend:**
- High: Critical path item
- Medium: Important but flexible
- Low: Nice to have

---

## Technical Specifications

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Method | Purpose | Status | Documentation |
|----------|--------|---------|--------|---------------|
| `/api/auth` | POST | User authentication | 🟡 In progress | [Link to docs] |
| `/api/boards` | GET | Retrieve user boards | ☐ Not started | [Link to docs] |

### Data Models

**User Model:**
```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "email": "string",
  "displayName": "string",
  "role": "string",
  "createdAt": "timestamp"
}
```

**Board Model:**
```json
{
  "id": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "columns": ["columnId"],
  "members": ["userId"],
  "createdAt": "timestamp",
  "updatedAt": "timestamp"
}
```

*Add more models as they are defined*

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Purpose | Required By |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `FIREBASE_API_KEY` | Firebase authentication | Frontend, Backend |
| `DB_CONNECTION_STRING` | Database connection | Backend |

---

## Open Threads

### Authentication Strategy
**[2025-04-24 14:30:22] [Backend]:**
Should the backend support social logins beyond Google?

**[2025-04-24 15:45:12] [Frontend]:**
Google is sufficient for launch. We may add others later.

**[2025-04-24 16:20:33] [Backend]:**
Will implement Google OAuth with refresh token support. Need confirmation on token expiration time - suggest 7 days?

### Real-time Updates Implementation
**[2025-04-24 14:35:42] [Frontend]:**
What's the preferred approach for real-time updates? WebSockets or long polling?

---

## Resolved Discussions

### Database Selection
**Decision:** MongoDB selected for primary database
**Rationale:** Better fits our document-based data model and provides flexible schema for early-stage development
**Date Resolved:** 2025-04-23
**Stakeholders:** Backend Team Lead, Frontend Team Lead, System Architect

### Deployment Strategy
**Decision:** Docker containers on AWS ECS
**Rationale:** Provides consistent environments across development and production, with scalability options
**Date Resolved:** 2025-04-22
**Stakeholders:** DevOps Lead, Backend Team Lead, CTO

---

## Risk Register

| Risk | Impact | Likelihood | Mitigation Strategy | Owner |
|------|--------|------------|---------------------|-------|
| API changes breaking frontend | High | Medium | Comprehensive API documentation, versioning, and integration tests | Backend Lead |
| Performance issues with real-time updates | High | Medium | Load testing early, optimization strategies ready | Backend Lead |
| UI/UX inconsistencies | Medium | Low | Shared component library, regular design reviews | Frontend Lead |

---

## Resource Links

### Project Documentation
- [System Architecture](https://docs.example.com/architecture)
- [API Documentation](https://docs.example.com/api)
- [UI/UX Design Files](https://design.example.com/project-x)

### Team Resources
- [Frontend Repository](https://github.com/example/project-x-frontend)
- [Backend Repository](https://github.com/example/project-x-backend)
- [JIRA Board](https://jira.example.com/project-x)
- [Team Calendar](https://calendar.example.com/project-x)

---

## Weekly Status Template

### Week of YYYY-MM-DD

**Frontend Team:**
- Key accomplishments:
- Blockers:
- Focus for next week:

**Backend Team:**
- Key accomplishments:
- Blockers:
- Focus for next week:

**Metrics:**
- Sprint completion rate:
- Bug count:
- Test coverage:

---

_This document is intended to improve transparency and reduce misunderstandings between teams. Update regularly as the project evolves._

_Last updated: [2025-04-24 16:45:00]_
