frontend/pm-frontend-chat.md, before:

# PM–Frontend Communication Log

## Repository Access Instructions

To work on this project, clone the repository using the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/darthspoosky/aiagenttool.git
```

- After cloning, navigate to the project directory:
  ```sh
  cd aiagenttool
  ```
- Always pull the latest changes before starting work:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Use the automation scripts (e.g., `quick-commit.ps1`) for committing and pushing your changes.
- To check the latest changes in chat files, run:
  ```powershell
  ./check-chat-changes.ps1
  ```
  This will show the last commit for both pm-backend-chat.md and pm-frontend-chat.md.

---

## Project Kickoff Instructions for Frontend Agent (2025-04-24 21:21:03)

**Project X: Jira-like Task Management Board**

### 1. Initial Setup
- Pull the latest changes from the repository:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Set up your local environment for a React + TypeScript project.

### 2. Project Requirements
- Use **React** with **TypeScript** (strict mode enabled).
- Use **CSS Modules** for component-level styling.
- All new components must include corresponding tests using **Jest** and **React Testing Library**.
- Follow the design system for colors, spacing, and typography (use CSS custom properties).
- All code must pass **ESLint** and **Prettier** checks before pushing.
- Do not use deprecated or undocumented APIs.

### 3. Communication & Documentation
- Log all questions, blockers, and approvals in this file using the required format:
  ```
  [YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss] [Frontend] [PRIORITY] Your message here.
  ```
- Summarize resolved issues in the “Resolved Discussions” section.
- Document daily progress and learnings in `programnanager/diary-frontend.md` each day.

### 4. Daily Workflow
- Pull before starting work.
- After making changes, use the automation script:
  ```powershell
  ./quick-commit.ps1 -Message "Describe your update"
  ```
- Push all changes and update communication logs.

---

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Frontend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Frontend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to frontend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Frontend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and frontend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all frontend-related project communication

---

## Example Entry

[2025-04-24 15:00:00] [Frontend]:
[INFO] Initializing component library for Project X. Will share Storybook preview soon.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure all components meet accessibility standards and design tokens are used.

---

## Open Threads
- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._

[2025-04-24 23:41:30] [Frontend] [QUESTION] PM, here is the current list of reusable components in `src/components`:
- Button (with story and test)

Are there other atomic or reusable components you’d like us to prioritize (e.g., Input, Select, Modal, Alert, Card, Avatar, Spinner, etc.)? Please advise on any specific requirements or design system components you want scaffolded next.

[2025-04-24 23:11:16] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally (React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier). All tests and lint checks are passing. Authentication screens (Login, Signup, Reset Password) are scaffolded and refactored for accessibility and design tokens. Awaiting PM clarification on:
- Sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets
- Any design clarifications or priorities before integrating with backend endpoints

Next steps: Integrate authentication screens with backend API (per contract from backend agent), handle all responses/errors, and maintain a11y/design system compliance. Please confirm or advise on any changes before we proceed.

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._

---

[2025-04-24 21:38:15] [Frontend] [INFO] Project X frontend setup initiated. Pulled latest changes, verified repository structure, and preparing local React + TypeScript environment. Will begin with authentication screens and core layout components. No blockers at this time.

[2025-04-24 21:47:34] [Frontend] [INFO] React + TypeScript app scaffolded in /app with strict mode enabled, CSS Modules, and best-practice .gitignore. Initial authentication pages and styles are in place. PM, please review and approve for next implementation phase.

[2025-04-24 22:20:26] [Frontend] [INFO] Storybook configured for component-driven development. Button component added with CSS Modules, Storybook story, and React Testing Library test coverage. Ready to proceed with more atomic components or authentication logic. PM, please review and advise on next priorities.

[2025-04-24 22:30:51] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally: React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, and React Testing Library are all configured and passing. ESLint and Prettier are enforced. 

Planned next steps for authentication:
- Build Login, Signup, and Password Reset pages as per requirements, using accessible forms and design tokens.
- State management will start with React Context for auth state, with potential migration to Zustand if complexity grows.
- Will coordinate with backend for API contracts and error formats.

PM: Please confirm if you have any design clarifications or API details to share before implementation begins.

Commit message:

chore(pm): Share program manager project update with frontend, backend, and agents chat (2025-04-26 01:19:13)

frontend/pm-frontend-chat.md, after:

# PM–Frontend Communication Log

## Repository Access Instructions

To work on this project, clone the repository using the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/darthspoosky/aiagenttool.git
```

- After cloning, navigate to the project directory:
  ```sh
  cd aiagenttool
  ```
- Always pull the latest changes before starting work:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Use the automation scripts (e.g., `quick-commit.ps1`) for committing and pushing your changes.
- To check the latest changes in chat files, run:
  ```powershell
  ./check-chat-changes.ps1
  ```
  This will show the last commit for both pm-backend-chat.md and pm-frontend-chat.md.

---

## Project Kickoff Instructions for Frontend Agent (2025-04-24 21:21:03)

**Project X: Jira-like Task Management Board**

### 1. Initial Setup
- Pull the latest changes from the repository:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Set up your local environment for a React + TypeScript project.

### 2. Project Requirements
- Use **React** with **TypeScript** (strict mode enabled).
- Use **CSS Modules** for component-level styling.
- All new components must include corresponding tests using **Jest** and **React Testing Library**.
- Follow the design system for colors, spacing, and typography (use CSS custom properties).
- All code must pass **ESLint** and **Prettier** checks before pushing.
- Do not use deprecated or undocumented APIs.

### 3. Communication & Documentation
- Log all questions, blockers, and approvals in this file using the required format:
  ```
  [YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss] [Frontend] [PRIORITY] Your message here.
  ```
- Summarize resolved issues in the “Resolved Discussions” section.
- Document daily progress and learnings in `programnanager/diary-frontend.md` each day.

### 4. Daily Workflow
- Pull before starting work.
- After making changes, use the automation script:
  ```powershell
  ./quick-commit.ps1 -Message "Describe your update"
  ```
- Push all changes and update communication logs.

---

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Frontend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Frontend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to frontend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Frontend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and frontend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all frontend-related project communication

---

## Open Threads
- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._
- **Note:** Always add new entries at the top of this section.

[2025-04-24 23:41:30] [Frontend] [QUESTION] PM, here is the current list of reusable components in `src/components`:
- Button (with story and test)

Are there other atomic or reusable components you’d like us to prioritize (e.g., Input, Select, Modal, Alert, Card, Avatar, Spinner, etc.)? Please advise on any specific requirements or design system components you want scaffolded next.

[2025-04-24 23:11:16] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally (React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier). All tests and lint checks are passing. Authentication screens (Login, Signup, Reset Password) are scaffolded and refactored for accessibility and design tokens. Awaiting PM clarification on:
- Sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets
- Any design clarifications or priorities before integrating with backend endpoints

Next steps: Integrate authentication screens with backend API (per contract from backend agent), handle all responses/errors, and maintain a11y/design system compliance. Please confirm or advise on any changes before we proceed.

---

🟦 Frontend Agent Log
- _All frontend messages, newest first._
- **Note:** Always add new entries at the top of this section.

[2025-04-24 22:30:51] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally: React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, and React Testing Library are all configured and passing. ESLint and Prettier are enforced. 

Planned next steps for authentication:
- Build Login, Signup, and Password Reset pages as per requirements, using accessible forms and design tokens.
- State management will start with React Context for auth state, with potential migration to Zustand if complexity grows.
- Will coordinate with backend for API contracts and error formats.

[2025-04-24 22:20:26] [Frontend] [INFO] Storybook configured for component-driven development. Button component added with CSS Modules, Storybook story, and React Testing Library test coverage. Ready to proceed with more atomic components or authentication logic. PM, please review and advise on next priorities.

[2025-04-24 21:47:34] [Frontend] [INFO] React + TypeScript app scaffolded in /app with strict mode enabled, CSS Modules, and best-practice .gitignore. Initial authentication pages and styles are in place. PM, please review and approve for next implementation phase.

[2025-04-24 21:38:15] [Frontend] [INFO] Project X frontend setup initiated. Pulled latest changes, verified repository structure, and preparing local React + TypeScript environment. Will begin with authentication screens and core layout components. No blockers at this time.

---

🟨 PM Log
- _All PM messages, newest first._
- **Note:** Always add new entries at the top of this section.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure all components meet accessibility standards and design tokens are used.

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._
- **Note:** Move resolved threads to the agent logs.
