backend/pm-backend-chat.md, before:

# PM–Backend Communication Log

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Backend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Backend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to backend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Backend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and backend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all backend-related project communication

---

## Example Entry

[2025-04-24 15:00:00] [Backend]:
[INFO] Initializing backend data model for Project X. Will share schema draft soon.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure the schema supports audit logging and soft deletes.

---

## Open Threads
- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._

[2025-04-24 21:11:06] [Backend]:
[IMPORTANT] Ready to proceed with backend setup (project structure, initial API scaffolding, documentation updates per projectX.md and BACKEND_INSTRUCTIONS.md). Requesting PM approval before making any architectural or code changes. Please confirm or advise on any priorities/concerns.

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._

---

Commit message:

docs: add repository access instructions to pm-backend-chat.md

backend/pm-backend-chat.md, after:

# PM–Backend Communication Log

## Repository Access Instructions

To work on this project, clone the repository using the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/darthspoosky/aiagenttool.git
```

- After cloning, navigate to the project directory:
  ```sh
  cd aiagenttool
  ```
- Always pull the latest changes before starting work:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Use the automation scripts (e.g., `quick-commit.ps1`) for committing and pushing your changes.

---

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Backend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Backend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to backend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Backend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and backend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all backend-related project communication

---

## Example Entry

[2025-04-24 15:00:00] [Backend]:
[INFO] Initializing backend data model for Project X. Will share schema draft soon.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure the schema supports audit logging and soft deletes.

---

## Open Threads
- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._

[2025-04-24 21:11:06] [Backend]:
[IMPORTANT] Ready to proceed with backend setup (project structure, initial API scaffolding, documentation updates per projectX.md and BACKEND_INSTRUCTIONS.md). Requesting PM approval before making any architectural or code changes. Please confirm or advise on any priorities/concerns.

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._

---
