programnanager/pm-frontend-chat.md, before:

# 🆕 Recent Updates (auto-generated from git log)

- 5224d07 darthspoosky 2025-04-24 Describe your update at 2025-04-24 23:51:44
- f0776cc darthspoosky 2025-04-24 chore: add .gitignore to exclude node_modules, build output, env files, logs, and system/IDE files
- 1543b23 darthspoosky 2025-04-24 docs: Add repository usage instructions with GitHub URL to both frontend and backend communication logs for team responsiveness
- 7a9f92b darthspoosky 2025-04-24 Describe at 2025-04-24 21:17:48 to communication logs and PM diary improvement entry; always push changes

---

# PM–Frontend Communication Log

## Repository Access Instructions

To work on this project, clone the repository using the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/darthspoosky/aiagenttool.git
```

- After cloning, navigate to the project directory:
  ```sh
  cd aiagenttool
  ```
- Always pull the latest changes before starting work:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Use the automation scripts (e.g., `quick-commit.ps1`) for committing and pushing your changes.
- To check the latest changes in chat files, run:
  ```powershell
  ./check-chat-changes.ps1
  ```
  This will show the last commit for both pm-backend-chat.md and pm-frontend-chat.md.

---

## Project Kickoff Instructions for Frontend Agent (2025-04-24 21:21:03)

**Project X: Jira-like Task Management Board**

### 1. Initial Setup
- Pull the latest changes from the repository:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Set up your local environment for a React + TypeScript project.

### 2. Project Requirements
- Use **React** with **TypeScript** (strict mode enabled).
- Use **CSS Modules** for component-level styling.
- All new components must include corresponding tests using **Jest** and **React Testing Library**.
- Follow the design system for colors, spacing, and typography (use CSS custom properties).
- All code must pass **ESLint** and **Prettier** checks before pushing.
- Do not use deprecated or undocumented APIs.

### 3. Communication & Documentation
- Log all questions, blockers, and approvals in this file using the required format:
  ```
  [YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss] [Frontend] [PRIORITY] Your message here.
  ```
- Summarize resolved issues in the “Resolved Discussions” section.
- Document daily progress and learnings in `programnanager/diary-frontend.md` each day.

### 4. Daily Workflow
- Pull before starting work.
- After making changes, use the automation script:
  ```powershell
  ./quick-commit.ps1 -Message "Describe your update"
  ```
- Push all changes and update communication logs.

---

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Frontend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Frontend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to frontend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Frontend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and frontend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all frontend-related project communication

---

## Example Entry

[2025-04-24 15:00:00] [Frontend]:
[INFO] Initializing component library for Project X. Will share Storybook preview soon.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure all components meet accessibility standards and design tokens are used.

---

[2025-04-26 01:19:13] [PM] [INFO]
Project X – Program Manager Update

- Goal: Build a Jira-like Task Management Board (React + TypeScript frontend, Firebase backend).
- Teams: Dedicated frontend and backend agents collaborating via markdown logs and automation scripts.
- PM Role: Approves all decisions, ensures communication, and tracks blockers and progress.

**Recent Progress:**
- Frontend: Local setup complete, auth screens scaffolded, Button component done, all lint/tests passing. Awaiting backend API contract for auth integration. Integration plan approved.
- Backend: Firebase project initialized, Auth module setup started, Firestore user model in progress. No blockers. API contract for auth endpoints pending.
- Cross-Team: All documentation and protocols in place. Agents following protocols and awaiting explicit PM approvals.

**Current Priorities:**
- Frontend: Integrate auth screens with backend endpoints once API contract is provided. Scaffold/test atomic components. Maintain accessibility/design token compliance.
- Backend: Complete Firebase Auth setup and user data model. Share API contract for auth endpoints. Enforce security rules and document changes.
- PM: Review and approve integration plans and API contracts. Update project plan as needed. Ensure agents log blockers, decisions, and progress.

**Risks/Blockers:** None major. Awaiting backend API contract for auth endpoints.

**Next Steps:** Backend to share API contract; frontend to proceed with integration; PM to monitor and approve next phases.

---

## Open Threads
- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._

[2025-04-24 23:56:44] [PM] [IMPORTANT]
A new project management plan (`projectmanagement.md`) has been created, summarizing completed milestones, open items, and estimated timelines. Please review this file, add any missing frontend tasks, and provide clarifications or corrections as needed.

**Action Required:**
- Add any missing tasks or dependencies for the frontend.
- For each open task, update the checklist with your estimated time for completion.
- Break down your next steps into detailed tasks (e.g., "Scaffold Input component", "Implement Board drag-and-drop", etc.).
- Update the checklist directly in `projectmanagement.md` or reply here with your updates.

Thank you for helping keep the plan accurate and actionable!

[2025-04-24 23:46:06] [Frontend] [INFO]
📦 Current Component Inventory (src/components):
- Button (with Storybook story and RTL test)

✅ What I’ve Done
- Logged a question for the PM in pm-frontend-chat.md with the current list of components.
- Asked the PM to specify any additional atomic or reusable components to prioritize (e.g., Input, Select, Modal, Alert, Card, Avatar, Spinner, etc.), and if there are any specific requirements or design system components to scaffold next.

Next Steps
- Await PM feedback on additional components to build.
- Once you receive direction, I can scaffold new components with CSS Modules, Storybook stories, and tests, all compliant with your a11y and design token rules.
- If you want to suggest a list of components yourself or have preferences for what to build next, let me know!

[2025-04-24 23:46:06] [PM] [RESPONSE]
Thank you for the clear inventory and for proactively seeking direction. Please prioritize scaffolding the following atomic/reusable components next:
- Input (text, password, email)
- Select (dropdown)
- Modal (with accessibility focus trap)
- Alert (for feedback/status messages)
- Card (for board/task display)
- Spinner (loading indicator)
- Avatar (user profile image)

All components must use CSS Modules, comply with our design tokens, and meet accessibility standards (focus states, ARIA where appropriate, keyboard navigation). Please create Storybook stories and RTL tests for each. If you encounter any blockers or have suggestions for additional components, document them here for PM review. Excellent initiative—proceed as outlined!

[2025-04-24 23:40:57] [PM] [INFO]
Please provide a brief update on your current focus, any blockers, and your next planned steps. If you need support or clarification, let me know!

[2025-04-24 23:11:16] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally (React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier). All tests and lint checks are passing. Authentication screens (Login, Signup, Reset Password) are scaffolded and refactored for accessibility and design tokens. Awaiting PM clarification on:
- Sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets
- Any design clarifications or priorities before integrating with backend endpoints

Next steps: Integrate authentication screens with backend API (per contract from backend agent), handle all responses/errors, and maintain a11y/design system compliance. Please confirm or advise on any changes before we proceed.

[2025-04-24 23:24:49] [PM] [RESPONSE]
Thank you for your detailed update and for maintaining high standards in accessibility, testing, and code quality. For now, sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets will be set after the first round of backend integration and end-to-end testing. There are no additional design clarifications or priorities at this stage—please proceed with integration as soon as the backend API contract is available. Continue to document any blockers or questions, and notify PM if you need further guidance. Excellent work so far!

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._

---

[2025-04-24 21:38:15] [Frontend] [INFO] Project X frontend setup initiated. Pulled latest changes, verified repository structure, and preparing local React + TypeScript environment. Will begin with authentication screens and core layout components. No blockers at this time.

[2025-04-24 21:47:34] [Frontend] [INFO] React + TypeScript app scaffolded in /app with strict mode enabled, CSS Modules, and best-practice .gitignore. Initial authentication pages and styles are in place. PM, please review and approve for next implementation phase.

[2025-04-24 22:20:26] [Frontend] [INFO] Storybook configured for component-driven development. Button component added with CSS Modules, Storybook story, and React Testing Library test coverage. Ready to proceed with more atomic components or authentication logic. PM, please review and advise on next priorities.

[2025-04-24 22:30:51] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally: React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, and React Testing Library are all configured and passing. ESLint and Prettier are enforced. 

Planned next steps for authentication:
- Build Login, Signup, and Password Reset pages as per requirements, using accessible forms and design tokens.
- State management will start with React Context for auth state, with potential migration to Zustand if complexity grows.
- Will coordinate with backend for API contracts and error formats.

PM: Please confirm if you have any design clarifications or API details to share before implementation begins.

Commit message:

feat(pm): Respond to frontend agent with priorities, targets, and next steps (2025-04-26 01:26:50)

programnanager/pm-frontend-chat.md, after:

# 🆕 Recent Updates (auto-generated from git log)

- 5224d07 darthspoosky 2025-04-24 Describe your update at 2025-04-24 23:51:44
- f0776cc darthspoosky 2025-04-24 chore: add .gitignore to exclude node_modules, build output, env files, logs, and system/IDE files
- 1543b23 darthspoosky 2025-04-24 docs: Add repository usage instructions with GitHub URL to both frontend and backend communication logs for team responsiveness
- 7a9f92b darthspoosky 2025-04-24 Describe at 2025-04-24 21:17:48 to communication logs and PM diary improvement entry; always push changes

---

# PM–Frontend Communication Log

## Repository Access Instructions

To work on this project, clone the repository using the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/darthspoosky/aiagenttool.git
```

- After cloning, navigate to the project directory:
  ```sh
  cd aiagenttool
  ```
- Always pull the latest changes before starting work:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Use the automation scripts (e.g., `quick-commit.ps1`) for committing and pushing your changes.
- To check the latest changes in chat files, run:
  ```powershell
  ./check-chat-changes.ps1
  ```
  This will show the last commit for both pm-backend-chat.md and pm-frontend-chat.md.

---

## Project Kickoff Instructions for Frontend Agent (2025-04-24 21:21:03)

**Project X: Jira-like Task Management Board**

### 1. Initial Setup
- Pull the latest changes from the repository:
  ```sh
  git pull
  ```
- Set up your local environment for a React + TypeScript project.

### 2. Project Requirements
- Use **React** with **TypeScript** (strict mode enabled).
- Use **CSS Modules** for component-level styling.
- All new components must include corresponding tests using **Jest** and **React Testing Library**.
- Follow the design system for colors, spacing, and typography (use CSS custom properties).
- All code must pass **ESLint** and **Prettier** checks before pushing.
- Do not use deprecated or undocumented APIs.

### 3. Communication & Documentation
- Log all questions, blockers, and approvals in this file using the required format:
  ```
  [YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss] [Frontend] [PRIORITY] Your message here.
  ```
- Summarize resolved issues in the “Resolved Discussions” section.
- Document daily progress and learnings in `programnanager/diary-frontend.md` each day.

### 4. Daily Workflow
- Pull before starting work.
- After making changes, use the automation script:
  ```powershell
  ./quick-commit.ps1 -Message "Describe your update"
  ```
- Push all changes and update communication logs.

---

This file is dedicated to direct, asynchronous communication between the Project Manager (PM) and Frontend Agent for Project X.

---

## Instructions for Agents
- All communication must be professional, clear, and constructive.
- **Always include a timestamp** (YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss, 24hr format) and sender ([PM] or [Frontend]) in each message.
- **No decision or change is final until approved by PM.**
- Use this file for questions, clarifications, blockers, and approvals related to frontend work.
- Summarize resolved issues and key decisions for future reference.

---

## System Prompt (Initialization)
You are communicating in a dedicated channel between the Project Manager and Frontend Agent. Use this space to:
- Track requirements, blockers, and frontend progress
- Request or grant approvals
- Discuss technical or workflow issues
- Maintain a transparent log of all frontend-related project communication

---

## Example Entry

[2025-04-24 15:00:00] [Frontend]:
[INFO] Initializing component library for Project X. Will share Storybook preview soon.

[2025-04-24 15:30:00] [PM]:
[IMPORTANT] Please ensure all components meet accessibility standards and design tokens are used.

---

[2025-04-26 01:19:13] [PM] [INFO]
Project X – Program Manager Update

- Goal: Build a Jira-like Task Management Board (React + TypeScript frontend, Firebase backend).
- Teams: Dedicated frontend and backend agents collaborating via markdown logs and automation scripts.
- PM Role: Approves all decisions, ensures communication, and tracks blockers and progress.

**Recent Progress:**
- Frontend: Local setup complete, auth screens scaffolded, Button component done, all lint/tests passing. Awaiting backend API contract for auth integration. Integration plan approved.
- Backend: Firebase project initialized, Auth module setup started, Firestore user model in progress. No blockers. API contract for auth endpoints pending.
- Cross-Team: All documentation and protocols in place. Agents following protocols and awaiting explicit PM approvals.

**Current Priorities:**
- Frontend: Integrate auth screens with backend endpoints once API contract is provided. Scaffold/test atomic components. Maintain accessibility/design token compliance.
- Backend: Complete Firebase Auth setup and user data model. Share API contract for auth endpoints. Enforce security rules and document changes.
- PM: Review and approve integration plans and API contracts. Update project plan as needed. Ensure agents log blockers, decisions, and progress.

**Risks/Blockers:** None major. Awaiting backend API contract for auth endpoints.

**Next Steps:** Backend to share API contract; frontend to proceed with integration; PM to monitor and approve next phases.

---

## Open Threads

[2025-04-26 01:26:50] [PM] [RESPONSE]

Thank you for your thorough review and for maintaining high standards in accessibility and design token usage.

**Component Priorities:**  
Please proceed with scaffolding and testing the following atomic/reusable components (in priority order):  
- Input (text, password, email)  
- Select (dropdown)  
- Modal (with accessibility focus trap)  
- Alert (for feedback/status messages)  
- Card (for board/task display)  
- Spinner (loading indicator)  
- Avatar (user profile image)  

If you identify additional components that would improve the workflow or user experience, feel free to propose them.

**Sprint/Test/Bug Targets:**  
Sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets will be set after the first round of backend integration and end-to-end testing. For now, focus on full test coverage for all new components using Jest and React Testing Library, and ensure all code passes ESLint and Prettier checks.

**Design Clarifications:**  
No additional design clarifications at this stage. Maintain strict adherence to the design system (colors, spacing, typography via CSS custom properties) and accessibility best practices.

**Next Steps:**  
- Proceed with component implementation and documentation.
- Integrate authentication screens with backend endpoints as soon as the API contract is available.
- Continue to log blockers, questions, and progress updates in the chat logs.

If any blockers arise or further clarification is needed, notify me immediately. Excellent work—keep up the momentum!

- _Add new questions or discussion topics here, and reply below each as needed._

[2025-04-24 23:56:44] [PM] [IMPORTANT]
A new project management plan (`projectmanagement.md`) has been created, summarizing completed milestones, open items, and estimated timelines. Please review this file, add any missing frontend tasks, and provide clarifications or corrections as needed.

**Action Required:**
- Add any missing tasks or dependencies for the frontend.
- For each open task, update the checklist with your estimated time for completion.
- Break down your next steps into detailed tasks (e.g., "Scaffold Input component", "Implement Board drag-and-drop", etc.).
- Update the checklist directly in `projectmanagement.md` or reply here with your updates.

Thank you for helping keep the plan accurate and actionable!

[2025-04-24 23:46:06] [Frontend] [INFO]
📦 Current Component Inventory (src/components):
- Button (with Storybook story and RTL test)

✅ What I’ve Done
- Logged a question for the PM in pm-frontend-chat.md with the current list of components.
- Asked the PM to specify any additional atomic or reusable components to prioritize (e.g., Input, Select, Modal, Alert, Card, Avatar, Spinner, etc.), and if there are any specific requirements or design system components to scaffold next.

Next Steps
- Await PM feedback on additional components to build.
- Once you receive direction, I can scaffold new components with CSS Modules, Storybook stories, and tests, all compliant with your a11y and design token rules.
- If you want to suggest a list of components yourself or have preferences for what to build next, let me know!

[2025-04-24 23:46:06] [PM] [RESPONSE]
Thank you for the clear inventory and for proactively seeking direction. Please prioritize scaffolding the following atomic/reusable components next:
- Input (text, password, email)
- Select (dropdown)
- Modal (with accessibility focus trap)
- Alert (for feedback/status messages)
- Card (for board/task display)
- Spinner (loading indicator)
- Avatar (user profile image)

All components must use CSS Modules, comply with our design tokens, and meet accessibility standards (focus states, ARIA where appropriate, keyboard navigation). Please create Storybook stories and RTL tests for each. If you encounter any blockers or have suggestions for additional components, document them here for PM review. Excellent initiative—proceed as outlined!

[2025-04-24 23:40:57] [PM] [INFO]
Please provide a brief update on your current focus, any blockers, and your next planned steps. If you need support or clarification, let me know!

[2025-04-24 23:11:16] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally (React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, React Testing Library, ESLint, Prettier). All tests and lint checks are passing. Authentication screens (Login, Signup, Reset Password) are scaffolded and refactored for accessibility and design tokens. Awaiting PM clarification on:
- Sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets
- Any design clarifications or priorities before integrating with backend endpoints

Next steps: Integrate authentication screens with backend API (per contract from backend agent), handle all responses/errors, and maintain a11y/design system compliance. Please confirm or advise on any changes before we proceed.

[2025-04-24 23:24:49] [PM] [RESPONSE]
Thank you for your detailed update and for maintaining high standards in accessibility, testing, and code quality. For now, sprint completion rate, bug count, and test coverage targets will be set after the first round of backend integration and end-to-end testing. There are no additional design clarifications or priorities at this stage—please proceed with integration as soon as the backend API contract is available. Continue to document any blockers or questions, and notify PM if you need further guidance. Excellent work so far!

---

## Resolved Discussions
- _Summarize any decisions or agreements here for quick reference._

---

[2025-04-24 21:38:15] [Frontend] [INFO] Project X frontend setup initiated. Pulled latest changes, verified repository structure, and preparing local React + TypeScript environment. Will begin with authentication screens and core layout components. No blockers at this time.

[2025-04-24 21:47:34] [Frontend] [INFO] React + TypeScript app scaffolded in /app with strict mode enabled, CSS Modules, and best-practice .gitignore. Initial authentication pages and styles are in place. PM, please review and approve for next implementation phase.

[2025-04-24 22:20:26] [Frontend] [INFO] Storybook configured for component-driven development. Button component added with CSS Modules, Storybook story, and React Testing Library test coverage. Ready to proceed with more atomic components or authentication logic. PM, please review and advise on next priorities.

[2025-04-24 22:30:51] [Frontend] [RESPONSE] Project is fully set up locally: React + TypeScript, strict mode, Storybook, Jest, and React Testing Library are all configured and passing. ESLint and Prettier are enforced. 

Planned next steps for authentication:
- Build Login, Signup, and Password Reset pages as per requirements, using accessible forms and design tokens.
- State management will start with React Context for auth state, with potential migration to Zustand if complexity grows.
- Will coordinate with backend for API contracts and error formats.

PM: Please confirm if you have any design clarifications or API details to share before implementation begins.
